feat(autoware_ptv3): split the backbone and head (#12655)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: perception/autoware_ptv3/README.md

## Inner-workings / Algorithms

> This package implements a TensorRT powered inference node for Point Transformers V3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package implements a TensorRT powered inference node for Point Transformer V3
```

Author: Stale, not in current diff

{{ json_to_markdown("perception/autoware_ptv3/schema/ml_package_ptv3.schema.json") }}

> Runtime head enablement and filtering parameters are configured in `config/ptv3.param.yaml`. Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Head and filtering configurations are in `config/ptv3.param.yaml`. Model
```

Author: Stale, not in current diff

The filtered output cloud format is controlled by `filter.output_format`. When it is set to an
empty string, the filtered output preserves the same format as the input cloud.

If a point cloud exceeds `cloud_capacity` or voxelization exceeds the configured maximum voxel
count, the input is clipped to the configured capacity and an error is logged.

## Trained Models

> The segmentation head was trained on the T4Dataset using approximately 4,000 frames. The models are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The segmentation head was trained on a proprietary dataset of approximately 4,000 frames. The models are
```

Author: Stale, not in current diff
